This repository has been created to show the work I have been committed to during my Master's Thesis. The paper resulting from it will be available before January 15th 2025, provided it is in a decent form for presentation.
The core of the thesis is the pipeline, built about two main functionalities of pysersic. The reader can find them under the name "DTUwHPC_CalcSizeTest_hom.ipynb". It is a customizable notebook suitable for direct submission to a High Performance Computer (HPC), only tested on DTU's HPC so far. The central point of the pipeline is to automatically compute the sizes of a sequence of quiescent galaxies - in principle with no restriction on the number - by using a Bayesian parametric method.
By "customizable" is meant that everyone can modify and improve it, not having any rigid logic that cannot adapt to the user's needs. It is suitable for reading photometric data from the DAWN JWST Archive (DJA, https://dawn-cph.github.io/dja/imaging/v7/), and possible caveats are noted in the notebook itself. It is made primarily for studying the morphology of quiescent galaxies, but the application can extend beyond. The author itself has used and extended it upon need.
I can hardly believe that a definitive, general and powerful code can sensibly exist, especially for such varied application like studying the morphology, assessing significance of parameters etc... Any further information or extension about how the modelling works can be found in the pysersic repository at https://pysersic.readthedocs.io/en/latest/ .
Not all functionalities of pysersic have been implemented, mainly because some of them are specific enough to allow for the user to personalize the code and implement them by itself.
Make sure to take a cup of coffee and carefully read through the comments present in the notebook, as it is of fundamental importance to understand what is going on, how to use the code and, last but not least, face the unavoidable debugging that will be required if anything is misplaced (by either of the two parts!).
## -------- NOTE --------- ##
This repository is temporary and meaningful only up till paper publication. Once it will be out, a new repository complete of image, plots, code and anything else will be made public. Enjoy and stay tuned :)
## 
Code is updated to Dec 23rd 2025 : now it is possible to choose profile and prior type to insert in the function declaration without modifying the content of the class. Multi-source Sérsic fit is also possible to select alongside the mask performed with SEP. The reshaping of the PSF is now tuned on any size of the cutouts.
